Short interest actually rose after Q2 earnings report.
        Analyst estimates continue to trickle higher.
        Where would shares be if major covering actually happened.
        A couple of weeks ago I admitted that I was surprised by the rally in chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) after its Q2 earnings report. However, I also stated that I believed shares were catching up to where they should have been in the first place given continued strong results. While the company strengthens its place in the industry and the stock continues to soar, I'm simply amazed by the number of skeptics that remain in the market.(Source: Seeking Alpha AMD page, seen here)About a month ago, I detailed how it seemed that we had finally turned a corner. Short interest in AMD was finally coming down, nearly 15% off its peak at the end of June. The trend continued in the first part of July, with another couple of million shares covered. At that point, short interest was more than 31 million shares from the high, a decline of 16.1%.However, the end of July report shows a slightly different story. As you can see in the chart below, short interest actually rose by almost 6.4 million shares in the back half of the month, the largest increase in more than three months. Earnings were reported after the bell on the 25th, so shorts had some time to cover given the large rally. Apparently, more non-believers came in.(Source: NASDAQ AMD short interest page)What I really don't get is why there is so much negativity surrounding AMD right now. The company is clearly making a run at Intel (INTC), forcing the chip giant to make some bold moves to fend off the competition. Don't forget, Intel is in the midst of looking for a new CEO right now, a decision that could impact the firm's future for years to come.While AMD's Q3 guidance might not have been the greatest, the company did announce a Q2 beat and has been delivering impressive beats in the past five quarters. We have continued to see analysts hiking their numbers, with the table below showing how things have improved in recent years. AMD has also moved to GAAP profitability, which could be sustainable at this point.